azurerm_api_management_custom_domain: resource gets updated every time (#10636)
terraform-providers/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/api_management_custom_domain.html.markdown

A `proxy` block supports the following:

> -> **info:** The default hostname ending with `.azure-api.net` must not be added as it will be included by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Tip:** The default hostname ending with `.azure-api.net` must not be added as it will be included by default.
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe append to
>as it will be included by default **and it is filtered out, so it would always show in `tf plan` but never have any effect**.

Author: Changed to `Tip:` and added the information why

> -> **Tip:** The default hostname ending with `.azure-api.net` must not be added as it will be included by default and it is filtered out, so it would always show in `tf plan` but never have any effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-> **Tip:** The default proxy hostname ending with `.azure-api.net` must not be added as it will be automatically created by Azure and ignored by Terraform.
```
